# DSCI 510 - Final Project - Correlation between Government Policies and the Spread of COVID-19!

This repository is an example for the final project in the DSCI 510 class  
Included in this documentation are all of the necessary parts that grading is going to be based on

# Introduction

The project aims to explore the relationship between government policy responses and the spread of COVID-19 cases and deaths in China by means of correlation and regression analysis. It also seeks to find out which policy contributes most to epidemic prevention. It will combine government action indices from OxCGRT and COVID-19 confirmed cases/deaths from OWID dataset to pursue such analysis and visualize it using heatmaps and scatterplots.

# Dependencies

> A list of all of the dependencies used, included their version number  
Preferably you should put this information in the `requirements.txt` file but please list it here as well
* Python 3.10
* pandas 1.5.1
* urllib3 1.26.12
* jsonschema 4.14.0
* plotly 5.11.0

# Installation

How to install the requirements necessary to run your project:  

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Sources

* data source 1: url = "https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/owid-covid-data.csv" 
* data source 2: url = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OxCGRT/covid-policy-tracker/master/data/OxCGRT_nat_latest.csv"

# Running the project

Typically, a single file is called to run the project (something along the lines of)  

```
python src/main.py
```

# Methodology

> What kind of analyses or visualizations did you do? (Similar to Homework 2 Q3, but now you should answer based on your progress, rather than just your plan)  

## Correlation Analysis

# Visualization

- which visualization methods did we use
- why did we chose this particular way of visualizing data
- what insights are revealed through the means of this visualization

## Visualization 1: Cumulative Confirmed Covid Deaths Worldwide Heatmap - Generated by Plotly
The code extracts up-to-date Covid data from Our World in Data, and then generate a heat map displaying the total confirmed deaths and cases in the world.

# Future Work

> Given more time, what is the direction that you would want to take this project in?  

# Declaration
* Taiwan is not counted as part of China according to the dataset.
* You may get yesterday’s data instead of today’s due to daily updates in the dataset. This usually happens in the morning.
